§l 7.0 - Administrative Commands §r

There are many helpful commands a player can use to help fix things. 

For now, this section will only cover Better Questing commands, but more will be added later.
 
--- §lQuest ID§r ---
Many commands require knowing the ID of a Quest.

You can find this by holding SHIFT when hovering your mouse over the quest. There will be a number after the quest name, which is the QuestID

--- §lQuest Progress Commands§r ---

/bq_admin reset all playername
    This will reset (playername)'s quest progress. Leave playername blank to reset ALL player's quest progress

/bq_admin reset QuestID playername
    This will reset the specific quest for (playername)
    
/bq_admin complete QuestID playername
    This will mark the specific quest completed for (playername) 

--- §lOther Questing Commands§r ---

/bq_admin edit
    This will drop you in and out of edit mode.
    
/hqm quest
    Activate questing mode for HQM, to make the TFB Corporate Shop accessable. (usually necessary if you have to clear HardcoreQuesting data for some reason)
    
/hqm hardcore disable
    If HQM's Hardcore Mode was enabled, this will disable it.

--- §lReputation (Scoreboard) Commands§r ---

Better Questing uses the vanilla Scoreboard system for tracking Reputation. This makes it easy to update and change reputation when necessary.

/scoreboard players list
    This will list all players who are currently on the reputation tracks.
/scoreboard players list playername
    This will list all the reputation scores for (playername)

/scoreboard players add playername objectivename count
/scoreboard players remove playername objectivename count
/scoreboard players set playername objectivename count
    The above commands are used for editing a player's score.
    objectivename needs to be one of the following three :
        Job_Reputation
        Shop_Loyalty
        Trader_Renown
    count is how much you are changing it by.
        add will add count to the current score
        remove will subtract count to the current score
        set will set the current score to count.
